Docs 8133 as2 v6.0 UG (#801)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/as2/as2-connectorMule4-60.adoc

= AS2 Connector - Get Started - Mule 4
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

Support Category: https://www.mulesoft.com/legal/versioning-back-support-policy#anypoint-connectors[Premium]

AS2 Connector Version 6.0.0

> Mule runtime engine (Mule) supports the AS2 protocol through the Anypoint Connector for AS2 (AS2 Connector).

Reviewer: GLOBALLY remove "the" before the connector name, per style ref.:
```suggestion
Mule runtime engine (Mule) supports the AS2 protocol through Anypoint Connector for AS2 (AS2 Connector).
```

> The AS2 Connector enables trading partners to transmit and receive AS2 messages with EDI-X12, EDIFACT, XML, or binary payloads. For example:

Reviewer: ditto:
```suggestion
AS2 Connector enables trading partners to perform the following tasks for AS2 messages with EDI-X12, EDIFACT, XML, or binary payloads:
```
GLOBALLY omit the fragment "For example:", per the style ref.

* Send messages, signed or unsigned, over HTTP or HTTPS, following the AS2 protocol

* Receive messages, also over HTTP or HTTPS, following the AS2 protocol

* Receive asynchronous MDN for the message sent

> * Storing signed copies of receipts and original message exchanges for non-repudiation purposes

Reviewer: parallelism
```suggestion
* Store signed copies of receipts and original message exchanges for non-repudiation
```

> Release Notes: xref:release-notes::connector/as2-connector-release-notes-mule-4.adoc[AS2 Connector Release Notes]

Reviewer: Make this a complete sentence or put it under See Also.

== About Connectors

> Anypoint connectors are Mule runtime engine extensions that enable you to connect

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Connectors are Mule runtime engine extensions that enable you to connect
```

to APIs and resources on external systems, such as X12 and RosettaNet.

> == Prerequisites

Reviewer: Prerequisites to what? The previous titles give no indication of a task.
Again, this does not appear to be consistent with the template.

> Before creating an app, you must have access to the AS2 target resource and

Reviewer: Creating an app? This is supposed to be about getting started with the connector....

> Anypoint Platform. You also need understand how to create a Mule app using Anypoint Studio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Platform. You also need to understand how to create a Mule app using Anypoint Studio and be familiar with AS2.
```

> You should have familiarity with AS2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> === Considerations when Migrating from the AS2 connector 5.x

Reviewer: This topic is subordinate to Prerequisites?
I'd say that this .adoc needs reorganization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Considerations When Migrating from AS2 Connector 5.x
```

> The AS2 version 6 connector requires Mule 4.3.0 as minimum runtime version. Refer to xref:as2/as2-connector-upgrade-migrate-6-0.adoc[Upgrade and Migrate] for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
AS2 Connector 6.0.0 requires Mule 4.3.0 or later. Refer to xref:as2/as2-connector-upgrade-migrate-6-0.adoc[Upgrade and Migrate] for more information.
```

> 

Reviewer: The next two topics seem to come too late in this set.
Again, review organization and apply template.

== Audience

> * Starting user -- To create your Mule app,

Reviewer: Format per style reference bullet lists:
```suggestion
* Starting user +
To create your Mule app,
```

see xref:as2/AS2-connector-studio-6-0.adoc[Studio Configuration]. The
xref:as2/AS2-connector-examples-6-0.adoc[Examples] topic provides one or more use cases for using the connector.
* Power user - Read the xref:as2/AS2-connector-xml-maven-6-0.adoc[XML and Maven Support],
and xref:as2/AS2-connector-examples-6-0.adoc[Examples] topics.

> == Common Use Cases For the Connector

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Common Use Cases for the Connector
```

Reviewer: The following do not look like use cases; they look like uses for or capabilities.
A use case typically has more detail or specifics, like a scenario.

* Send with sync MDN

> Sends a message through HTTP or HTTPS using the AS2 protocol requesting the partner for a synchronous MDN (receipt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uses AS2 protocol to send a message through HTTP or HTTPS, requesting the partner for a synchronous MDN (receipt).
```
a synchronous MD network? Do you mean a synchronous MD network CONNECTION?

* Send with async MDN

> Sends a message through HTTP or HTTPS using the AS2 protocol requesting the partner for an asynchronous MDN (receipt).

Reviewer: ditto edits to similar sentence above

Reviewer: The previous two list items are actions, but the following are components?
List items do not seem parallel.

* Listener

Source that receives messages via HTTP or HTTPS using the AS2 protocol.

* MDN Listener

Source that receives asynchronous MDN receipts via HTTP or HTTPS using the AS2 protocol.

> * Non repudiation Listener

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Non-repudiation Listener
```

> Source that receives signed copy of a receipt and/or a message for persistently storing it for the non-repudiation purposes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Source that receives a signed copy of a receipt or a message to store for non-repudiation.
```

> // a link to the xref:as2/AS2-connector-examples-6-0.adoc[Examples] use cases.

Reviewer: STILL TBD?
